# team-profile-gen

## Installation
Before running the team-profile-gen app, the user must install the inquirer package at the version ^6.5.2. They must also install the fs package.

## Usage
To use the team-profile-gen app, the user must run the app in node.js using the command line. Once the app has begun, the user will be prompted with a series of questions allowing them to generate a profile page for their team. The user is first asked for information about the team's manager. Once the questions have been answered, the user is asked if they would like to add an engineer to the team, add an intern to the team, or finish building their team. When the user selects to add an engineer to the team, the app will ask the user a series of questions to gather the necessary data on the engineer to be added. When the user selects to add an intern to the team, the app will ask the user a series of question to gather the necessary data on the intern to be added. When the user chooses to finish building the team, the team object's getHTML method is called and the returned string is written into an html file. This file can then be used to view the team's profile page. On the team's profile, team members' emails can be clicked to open a blank email, addressed to the team member's email, in the user's default email. Additionally, using an engineer's GitHub username, a hyperlink is created, allowing users to navigate to the engineer's GitHub page by clicking the username displayed on the team's profile page.

## How It Works
After each team member is created, it is added to the array of team members located within the team object. As the user continues to add members to the team, the various team member objects are created using the user's responses to the prompts given. Once the user has finished adding members to the team, they can choose the menu option "Finish building team". Once this option is selected, the team object's 'getHTML()' method is called. In the 'team.getHTML()' method, a string is created containing the basis for the html file. This includes links to style sheets and other necessary head and formatting information. Next, a for loop is used to iterate through the object's array of team members and calls the 'getHTML()' method for each object. The 'employee.getHTML()' method returns a string containing the html code necessary to create and display a card element displaying the employee's name, id, and email. This method is then used by its subclasses (manager, engineer, and intern) 